# PC/GEOS Applications

My old applications for PC/GEOS based devices. The following GEOS programs are
public domain, and are hopefully bug free, but no guarantee of the suitability
of the software is made.

## Alarm Clock (nalarm)

Lets you set up a repeating alarm or a one-shot. Uses the space bar as a "snooze
bar" and you can enter a message to remind you of what to do. It now uses the
Real-Time Clock Manager, which guarantees the alarm will go off, even if you
exit the program.

## Change Sys Font (fontid)

Lets you change the system font on your OmniGo. You can select from any of the
standard fonts on the OmniGo, allowing you to pick a font that is large or small
enough for your needs.

## Character Map (charm)

Lets you see and copy all of the printable characters in GEOS. Use this to
select and copy extended characters to the clipboard. Has font selector so you
can choose whatever font you wish to look at. Now uses a larger font size for
displaying the map, and supports drag-n-drop.

## Draw (draw)

Drawing program for GEOS. Has many of the features of GeoDraw, the PC/GEOS
Ensemble drawing program. Can draw lines, ellipses, rectangles, arcs, Bezier
curves, etc. Can change the attributes of the objects, including color, line
thickness, pattern, etc.

## ExpertMode (expert)

Lets you control various aspects of the Express menu, window controls, document
control, et cetra. Use this to turn on the advanced features of your GEOS
device.

## File Manager (hpogfm)

Rename, delete, move, and copy files and folders on your HP OmniGo. You can also
create folders, and browse the drives and directories. Displays date/size of
files. Now sorts directories before files.

## Scrapy (scrapy)

An incomplete drag-n-drop scrapbook program. Lets you drag scraps of text
to/from this scrapbook program. Quicker than using copy/paste between this and
GeoWrite or Text Editor. Only source code is provided at this time, as the
program is incomplete.

## Spreadsheet (sscalc)

A very incomplete spreadsheet program. It crashes upon startup but at least it
shows most of what you need to get started writing a spreadsheet in GEOS.

## Text Editor (texted)

Lets you edit text files from GEOS. Supports search/replace, various fonts and
text styles, as well as spell checking.
